d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe.config
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt_Project.frmMain.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt_Project.Resources.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_intermediate\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe.config
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\bin\Debug\Rembrandt Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt_Project.frmMain.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt_Project.Resources.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.vbprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\VB2017\Chap07\_Exercise\30.Rembrandt Solution_EXERCISE 14_Advanced\Rembrandt Project\obj\Debug\Rembrandt Project.vbproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
