d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe.config
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping_Depot_Project.frmMain.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping_Depot_Project.Resources.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\30.Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 13_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe.config
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.pdb
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\bin\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping_Depot_Project.frmMain.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping_Depot_Project.Resources.resources
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.vbproj.GenerateResource.Cache
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.exe
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.xml
d:\VB2017\Chap08\_Exercise\31.Modified Shipping Depot Solution_EXERCISE 14_advanced\Shipping Depot Project\obj\Debug\Shipping Depot Project.pdb
